Known issue for 8.15.1 related to env vars references (#16455)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

[[logstash-8-15-1]]
=== Logstash 8.15.1 Release Notes

[[known-issues-8-15-1]]
==== Known issues

> * When using Environment or Keystore variable references, single quotes are stripped from the settings or parameters where those are used. Logstash might fail to start or some plugins might use a malformed configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logstash might fail to start when using Environment or Keystore variable references in pipeline configurations due to single and double quotes are stripped from the settings. See https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/16437[16437] for the details.
```

> ** We recommend downgrading to {ls} 8.15.0 or temporarily avoid using Environment or Keystore variable references.

Author: LGTM

> * Logstash might fail to start when using Environment or Keystore variable references in pipeline configurations due to single and double quotes are stripped from the settings. See https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/16437[16437] for the details.
> ** We recommend downgrading to {ls} 8.15.0 or temporarily avoid using Environment or Keystore variable references.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **{ls} may fail to start under some circumstances.** Single and double quotes are stripped from a pipeline configuration if the configuration includes environment or keystore variable references.
If this situation occurs, {ls} may fail to start or some plugins may use a malformed configuration.
Check out issue https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/16437[#16437] for details.
+
Workaround: Downgrade to {ls} 8.15.0, or temporarily avoid using environment and keystore variable references.
```
